Fix trigger button context (#1207)
code-obos/grunnmuren: .changeset/ninety-lies-shine.md

---
"@obosbbl/grunnmuren-react": patch
---

> Fix `Button` context in `<Disclosure>` which solves an issue with `<Button>` placed inside the `<DisclosurePanel>` would toggle the `<Disclosure>`, this acting like the "trigger" button for the `<Disclosure>`.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Fixes an issue where all `<Button>` components inside a `<Disclosure>` would trigger the Disclosure to close/open.
```

Forlag til wording
